# πάνσοφος ≍ “Pansophos”
> The goal of [this project](https://pansophos.github.io) is to organize, compile, index, and juxtapose shorter nonfiction writings by B.F. Griffith into specific areas of interest.
* This is an ongoing effort to construct a more coherent overview of B.F. Griffith’s perspectives＆arguments, his insatiable continuous learning efforts, the various explorations＆approaches to specific topics that he advocates (or which he avers are at least “important for more people to be critically aware of”), the relevant agreements＆disagreements among various significant ideas people have had about these topics (whether historical or current), and the pushbacks or evolving thoughts that various other thinkers he has been in dialogue or debate with regarding these topics have advanced or defended.
* The purpose of these writings is not to provide anywhere near a “complete” or “comprehensive” picture of any issue, but to entice you to delve deeper into any or all of these subjects.
* Along the way, we’ll link you to any related writings by B.F. Griffith on similar (or otherwise pertinent) topics, and many of these shorter publications will also contain bibliographic citations that may include a plethora of reading, listening, or watching suggestions which range from “fun＆accessible” to densely academic.
> One note to keep in mind regarding this project: B.F. Griffith has long argued for an epistemic “unity” wherein the barriers between formally academically defined fields of study are viewed as often unhelpful artifacts of unnecessarily partitioned thought. The rigorous pursuit of wisdom＆reason in one area of study often naturally flows into, and can greatly affect, others. Consequently, you’ll see plenty of crossover among topics as each of the shorter from writings of this project unfold, and your thinking about a particular topic may shift as you more deeply explore its contingent relationships with others.
---
## PŒMentor
> [`“Poementor”`](https://github.com/pansophos/poementor) is a web-application for aspiring poets that streamlines composing, editing, annotating, storing, and sharing all sorts of verse－as well as providing dynamic templating, modeling, and tutorial functionalities that conveniently aid writers in conforming to various traditional poetical forms, metrical prosody structures, or rhyme-schemes…

